README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

# ForHire
  Full Stack Front End Emphasis ReactJS ecosystem developer.

# J. Graves
### jwgravesfl@gmail.com

## SOCIAL MEDIA
[LINKEDIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jwgravesfl/)

## OBJECTIVE
My objective for the future is to continue capitalizing on my experience empathizing and connecting with clients, colleagues and co-workers, to continue fostering my unrelenting desire to learn in a current and in a relevant way and to continue utilizing a client and learner centered approach to provide best is world service and deliverables to all in which I interact.

## EDUCATION
### [UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA](http://www.usf.edu/)
#### BSAS Information Studies – Information Architecture - 3.71GPA
- Graduate with Honors May 2017
| Web Development Classes | Web Design Classes | Electives |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | -------- |
|   JavaScript    | Information Architecture | Leading in the Workplace |
|     JQuery      |    Interaction Design    | History of Education |
| Intro to Java | IT Web Design | Schools and Society |
| Web Page Management | Web Design Technologies | Audio Recording Basics |

*I also have degrees in Business Administration and Management and Accounting

## Portfolio Page for **J. Wayne Graves**[J. Graves React Ecosystem Portfolio](https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid) 
# Full Stack Frontend Focus ReactJS Ecosystem Information Developer 
* **See [Demo](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/)**

# J. Graves example Portfolio Projects:

## **Main Project** Inventory System 
### [Inventory Page](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/productpage)
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/productPage
  ##### In Construction Band Inventory Management System.

### **GraphQL Server for Main Project:** [Products Graphiql](https://gql-api-kdwnwzplsd.now.sh/graphql)
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/GraphQLProductAPI 


### **Node.js/Express/MongoDB/GraphQL Inventory API (server):**
#### Back End Items needed for Inventory System  **Complete**
- [x] Node.js/Express Server server.js
- [x] GraphQL Back End
- [x] Schema.js  
- [x] Resolvers.js
- [x] Create Inventory Item
- [x] AllProducts Query
- [x] GetProduct Query
- [x] Update Inventory Item
- [x] Delete Inventory Item

## Working      Deploy Back End [Deployed Using .Now](https://gql-api-kdwnwzplsd.now.sh)

### **React/GraphQL Inventory Page (client):** 
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/productPage

#### Front End Items needed for Inventory System  **Completed**
- [x] Inventory Items Page 
- [x] Create Inventory Item
- [x] List Items
- [x] Update Inventory Item Qty
- [x] Update Inventory Item Detail Information
- [x] Delete Inventory Item
  

#### Functionality to Add
- [ ] Add CSS and design.
- [ ] Image Import

#### Working Deploy Front End [Deployed Using Surge](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh)

### **Step by Step React setup from scratch:** 
####   code: commits: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/ReactFromScratch/commits/master
- Step by Step Commits to github showing the steps to creating a React app from scratch.

### **Picture Gallery of Royalty Free Images:** https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/picturegallery
####   code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/pictureGallery
- Standard API call to Pixabay.    
- Proptypes, Axios, Material-UI

### **Github Organization Repository Issue GraphQL Query:** https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/github
####  code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/blob/master/src/components/github/Github.jsx
- Front End Github API call displaying open issues.  
- Axios, GraphQL

### **Open Mike Sign Up Sheet:**  https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/timeslot
####   code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/signupSheet
- Front End only showing state management and conditionals.

Commit message:

added some of cowboy drive

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

# ForHire
  Full Stack Front End Emphasis ReactJS ecosystem developer.

# J. Graves
### jwgravesfl@gmail.com

## SOCIAL MEDIA
[LINKEDIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jwgravesfl/)

## OBJECTIVE
My objective for the future is to continue capitalizing on my experience empathizing and connecting with clients, colleagues and co-workers, to continue fostering my unrelenting desire to learn in a current and in a relevant way and to continue utilizing a client and learner centered approach to provide best is world service and deliverables to all in which I interact.

## EDUCATION
### [UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA](http://www.usf.edu/)
#### BSAS Information Studies – Information Architecture - 3.71GPA
- Graduate with Honors May 2017

| Web Development Classes | Web Design Classes | Electives |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | -------- |
|   JavaScript    | Information Architecture | Leading in the Workplace |
|     JQuery      |    Interaction Design    | History of Education |
| Intro to Java | IT Web Design | Schools and Society |
| Web Page Management | Web Design Technologies | Audio Recording Basics |

   - I also have degrees in *Business Administration and Management* and *Accounting*

# Portfolio Page for **[J. Graves](https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid)**
## Full Stack Frontend Focus ReactJS Ecosystem Information Developer 
### **See [Demo](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/)**

# Example Projects
## [CowboyDr.com](https://cowboydr.surge.sh) *development site*  
1. All Access static Landing page for Entertainment based marketing site 
     1. Loosely based on traditional Press Kit
     2. Includes a Redux Form, booking information and api media
     3. Includes links to relevant social media
2. Redux user only area - **Join the Party Wagon** 
     1. Sign In/Sign Up
        - https://cowboydr.surge.sh/signin
        - [SignIn Code on Github](https://github.com/jwgravesfl/cowboydr.com/blob/master/src/routes/SignIn.jsx)
        - [SignUp Code on Github](https://github.com/jwgravesfl/cowboydr.com/blob/master/src/routes/SignUp.jsx)   
     3. Forgot Password
     4. Reset Password
     5. Individual Account/Profile Page
     6. Currently only available on the desktop site

   - Live Site is @ https://cowboydr.com 

## **Main Project** Inventory System 
### [Inventory Page](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/productpage)
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/productPage
  ##### In Construction Band Inventory Management System.

### **GraphQL Server for Main Project:** [Products Graphiql](https://gql-api-kdwnwzplsd.now.sh/graphql)
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/GraphQLProductAPI 


### **Node.js/Express/MongoDB/GraphQL Inventory API (server):**
#### Back End Items needed for Inventory System  **Complete**
- [x] Node.js/Express Server server.js
- [x] GraphQL Back End
- [x] Schema.js  
- [x] Resolvers.js
- [x] Create Inventory Item
- [x] AllProducts Query
- [x] GetProduct Query
- [x] Update Inventory Item
- [x] Delete Inventory Item

## Working      Deploy Back End [Deployed Using .Now](https://gql-api-kdwnwzplsd.now.sh)

### **React/GraphQL Inventory Page (client):** 
#### code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/productPage

#### Front End Items needed for Inventory System  **Completed**
- [x] Inventory Items Page 
- [x] Create Inventory Item
- [x] List Items
- [x] Update Inventory Item Qty
- [x] Update Inventory Item Detail Information
- [x] Delete Inventory Item
  

#### Functionality to Add
- [ ] Add CSS and design.
- [ ] Image Import

#### Working Deploy Front End [Deployed Using Surge](https://informationdesignus.surge.sh)

### **Step by Step React setup from scratch:** 
####   code: commits: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/ReactFromScratch/commits/master
- Step by Step Commits to github showing the steps to creating a React app from scratch.

### **Picture Gallery of Royalty Free Images:** https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/picturegallery
####   code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/pictureGallery
- Standard API call to Pixabay.    
- Proptypes, Axios, Material-UI

### **Github Organization Repository Issue GraphQL Query:** https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/github
####  code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/blob/master/src/components/github/Github.jsx
- Front End Github API call displaying open issues.  
- Axios, GraphQL

### **Open Mike Sign Up Sheet:**  https://informationdesignus.surge.sh/timeslot
####   code: https://github.com/jwgravesfl/jwgid/tree/master/src/components/signupSheet
- Front End only showing state management and conditionals.
